hey guys it's me vic stop to three here
with another attempt at the live combat
axe only free-for-all win and that was
off to a decent start didn't actually
expect to get that kill usually when i
run into a situation like that I'm as
good as dead I'm glad that guy had blast
blast black jacket black shield whatever
poker was it let him live what's this
guy doing sat on the stairs do I have a
combat axe yes I do and I can pick him
up let's see yeah see if there's anyone
around here this is actually a really
bad place to be stood no no no no oh no
I hate that feeling of just bullets in
the back I should have just won 18 and
tried to throw a come back to that guy I
saw shots come from this room to stop me
in that song still in here nope what oh
he's on the staircase and there should
be someone else on the staircase which
means yes a kill for me doorways
doorways are always good going knife
only in that kind of stuff although when
people get too close with a shotgun you
may as well say your prayers i'm going
to try and write down a little bit what
kind of my subconscious thought
processes are with this game although
this is such a fast-paced map there
isn't really too much strategy it's more
just kind of run to where i know them to
be kind of choose the best entrance to
run into and hope for the best you know
priests nuns are always a good good plan
just when I don't work it sucked don't
know what that guy was shooting out
there and you spread all over the place
this guy here see i knew i was gonna get
around that corner and did not expect
that change of direction we've got me
killed so accountant eight down i need
to get on a nice little kill streak i'm
gonna chase this guy oh no he's came
back oh just got him there i'm gonna
head around this way i'm trying it back
in that kind of main room building
there's probably gonna be someone
running in and no doubt oh no there we
go just about got him and I'll take that
as a win I made him kill himself with
his own bouncing betty i'll take that
win that was a nice throw i really want
to just to throw a random thing into
that room and hope for the best people
really like sitting behind that counter
there we go I was I was panicking for a
second there that that was him oh hey
that was that was an accidental and bad
stone but it did seem to play off so
yeah this room seems to be the best
place with a close-range kind of stuff
that trophy system tried to destroy my
combat I think it's so ridiculous that
they do that and I did not spot that guy
coming up the staircase spawned outside
which isn't good that's just rush inside
as quick as I can and see if I can chase
this guy up the stairs for a nice nope
oh wow I just got blown out of the place
there we go pick that guy up back into
the room of madness again um that guy's
going my family i'll drop is done down
there drop it it's done out there Nate
comes from nowhere I camps I'm six down
that's actually that's manageable as
long as I'm actually doing alright with
these outside kills there you know
aren't too many really long hallways to
be running down that was that was poor
that was poor right there through that
guy's and kills there we go this guy's
mind that we go can I get this guy to
hit him with this done there we go okay
will fall down now we're moving in
moving in on that come back I don't like
being outside here though trying to get
back inside if I can chase on up the
ramp and looks like um no I was uh if I
could've got that got in the back that
would have been good I might have even
been on a kill streak let's go for that
priest on in there anyone know what I
fell out of the map as well to all the
end of that let's see five down just
charging this room blindly where are you
going there we go got you sounds gonna
count this staircase will be my back
it's done there stand out there know how
did that not I didn't manage that right
come on please still be in that place
don't get oh no no no right this is not
where I want to be can I get this guy
this is what happens when they're not
stunned there we go there we go no
getting shot from all sorts of angles
although I'm moving in I'm closing down
that such annoying oh my god stuff like
that is too hilarious he probably
thought I was talking to myself which I
was um my three down okay concentrate no
oh my gosh whoever's in first I don't
know why they're not going anywhere but
i need to put down some kills let's go
back to that room the room where it all
happens this guy gonna come up there we
go i stun torn out there where's that I
don't know where they came from right
there still down my fault okay we're
gonna need something spectacular let's
forget this done let's just go purely
with I got a stun grenade kill sorry
about that guys live me do it there we
go got that guy there we go oh I'm
getting shot in the back no okay three
down oh oh this is going to be a close
and this gonna be a close and I kind of
lost my edge in the middle of that
somewhere there we go come on someone
comes to this staircase yes there we go
and you that should have hit him where
are they there we go come on there we go
as
just waiting with those tons I just done
myself a con believe I did that no no oh
my god that was so close oh my god that
was so tense at the end there thanks for
watching guys I don't know if you were
on the edge of your seat as much as I
was that was so close to the win and I
didn't actually expect to get so close
at this early stage thanks for watching
guys I hope you enjoyed if you did feel
free to hit the like button let me know
if you want to see another attempt at
this it's always challenging always fun
and I will catch you guys on my next
video this outro will take you to the
previous free-for-all combat axe only
life and also a random other video maybe
another sticks and stones live combat
act only gameplay so yeah thanks
watching gun